Subject: Billing Information

Because many people are not accustomed to online invoicing we have
summarized the billing policies in what we hope is plain english, for the
complete billing terms please see http://www.avvanta.com/BillingPolicySummary .
If you have any questions about our invoicing procedures please call
425.818.6500 or send email to accounting@avvanta.com. You can also review your
register for the past 90 days at the CCC.

Billing Policy Summary 

 1. Accounts are invoiced via email on the first of the month for that
    months service. Prorated months will be processed on the first of the
    following month to avoid overlapping due dates.
 2. Business Accounts have a choice of receiving USPS invoices as well as
    email invoices. For Personal Accounts, there is a $2.00 handling fee for
    USPS invoices.
 3. Invoices have Net 15 terms; payment is due 15 days from the date that
    the invoice is sent. There is a 5 day grace period from the due date in
    which during that time reminder(s) may be sent via email. After the 5
    day grace period, overdue accounts will be temporarily suspended until
    arrangements or payment has been made.
 4. To reactivate temporarily suspended accounts, please call our office at
    425.818.6500 or 1.888.662.5274. There is a $10.00 reactivation fee on
    accounts that have been temporarily suspended because of an overdue
    balance.
 5. There is a $15.00 service charge for rejected automatic payments and
    returned checks.
 6. Accounts closed before the end of the month will not be prorated, a full
    months fee will be applied.
 7. Accounts more than 30 days past due will be terminated and any
    outstanding balances will be immediately due and payable. Interest will
    accrue on any outstanding balances on the 30th day the account is past
    due at the rate of 12% per annum, and shall continue to accrue on any
    outstanding amounts until the balance is paid in full.
 8. Accounts that are sent to a collection agency and/or an attorney(s) for
    collection are responsible for the overdue balance and reasonable
    collection costs.

If you have an emergency, family or otherwise, please let us know so that we
can work with you.
