For TAA v4, the customer services and packages portion of the system
will re-done.  They will be done a bit like Freeside does the packages,
where the operator will add pacakges to a customer's account, and within
those packages there are services that can be provisioned (i.e. logins,
domains, etc).  The ability should be given to automatically expire
packages as well, so when a customer calls on December 2nd and wants to
close his account on December 31st, the system can automatically
deprovision and close down the account base on the expiration date of a
package.

I start writing this now (12/2/07) because I had a thought about how
DID's will integrate into multiple packages.  I didn't want to forget
the concept I came up with for them.

There will be two package types, fixed and variable.  Fixed package
types have the pricing associated with the package and then individual
services are included with the package itself.  For example:

  Qwest DSL Plus Service  $21.95
    - 1 Qwest DSL 1.5M Service Login
    - 4 MyMail Logins

The individual items would then be provisioned from within the package
itself.  In other words, after adding the package to the customer's
account, it would show the individual items listed and give the option
to provision or deprovision each item.

Variable packages will be a bit different than that and work in a manner
similar to the way the current Subscriptions tab works.  For example, an
"Additional DID's" package would be laid out something like this:

   Additional DID's
    - Allowed Service - DID   $0.75

There would not be a limit to the number of DID's that could be added,
and each DID would add $0.75 to the package charge.  Each individual DID
would show as a line item under the main package, but would not have a
price listed next to it.  When the operator selects the package in the
packages tab, they would get the option to "Add DID".  The actual
statement line item would look something like this:

   Additional DID's                            $2.25
     - DID 425.555.1212     DID 425.555.1213
     - DID 425.555.1214

There should probably be a way to show them the per item pricing, but
since a package will be able to have multiple types of services at
multiple different rates and charge them only for what is provisioned,
that may be tricky.


